<!--
Convert this to PDF (reference README.md on how to do that).

This example:
- only ONE scene - very typical for very short narratives

(c) Copyright 2022 Todd Warner
This work is licensed under Attribution 4.0 International. To view a copy
of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
-->

<style>
    /*
    @import "https://toddwarner.io/pub/css/manuscript/manuscript.css";
    */
    @import "../manuscript.css";

    /* Examples of overloading some CSS variables. Uncomment the font-weight
       variable to flip the title to bold. Uncomment the other to make a fancy
       -30- end marker (not a typical decision for a manuscript, of course). */
    :root {
        /*
        --m-font-weight-title: bold;
        --m-30-: "üôû ‚ù¶ üôú";
        */
    }
</style>

<div id="vpage">
<article id="manuscript">
<div id="m-contact">

Firstname Lastname

North Carolina Piedmont, USA

firstname.lastname@example.com

+1 555-555-1212

</div>
<div class="m-header">

# Manuscript Formatting via CSS: The SUPER SIMPLE Short Story Example

## Achieving a (_mostly_) Compliant Manuscript for Markdown or HTML

### by Author Name

> This short-form template/example has only one scene and that's it. Most of my
> 2000-word shorts don't have scene breaks.

<div class="m-facts">

2000 words

Contemporary Fiction

(_draft rev 20221024_)

</div>
</div>

<section class="m-scene">

This document is an example of a typical short story. It has no parts or
chapters, just scenes. Many of my super shorts (the 2000 word range and shorter)
have only one scene. Also notice the auto-inserted
[dinkuses](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinkus) between the scenes and the
[-30-](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/-30-) marker at `The End`.

This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one
scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short
story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is
a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene
short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story.

This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one
scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short
story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is
a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene
short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story.
This is a one scene short story. This is a one scene short story. This is a one
scene short story.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a
dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

</section>
</article>
</div>
